dUAnex is a leading engineering and software development company that delivers turn-key IT solutions for both established enterprises and ambitious technological startups. We strive to provide businesses with scalable, functional, high-performance software solutions to automate internal processes, enhance the customer experience, and manage data more efficiently.

The strong expertise we’ve accumulated over the years allows us to be a reliable partner and provide our clients with the top-notch technologies they need to reach their business goals. By providing customer-oriented support, we are always open to discussion to find the best solutions for your needs and bring substantial benefits to all parties.

Our programming company drives results, guiding you from the initial idea to product release within the intricate ecosystem. We aim to empower businesses with innovative and functional IT products that can boost a company’s productivity and stimulate growth.

Who We are
We are Ukrainian software development company with 10+ years of experience that converts ambitious business ideas into technical solutions. Whether you need IT consulting, software development, advice on technology selection, project management, or digital strategy, our firm possesses the expertise. Guiding you through the intricate world of IT development is the main task of our skilled IT professionals.

Our dynamic team of tech enthusiasts and creatives is located in Ukraine and Poland. We are engaged in navigating digital transformations and assisting you from the idea stage to product release. A vast number of projects have been successfully delivered for our clients worldwide. That brings our expertise to diverse industries and markets. Software solutions that we create help move our clients' business forward and enhance their efficiency.

10+
years of experience
50%
company growth for the last year

300+
successful releases

130000+
drank cups of coffee

60+
satisfied customers

58%
of our team are of senior level

We Hire The Best Engineers In Ukraine And Poland. Main Intellectual Center Is Situated In Kyiv And Lviv, Ukraine

Services Of Our Software Development Company
Health tech
Empower the healthcare and scientific industries with our cutting-edge health tech solutions that are committed to advancing accessibility, efficiency, and the overall quality of services.
Banking
Experience the next evolution in banking with our technology-driven solutions, designed to deliver convenience, security, and personalized experiences.
Insurance
It’s a complex business where mistakes may cost a lot. We have experience working in insurance projects covering the whole flow from buying a policy and to claiming a case.
Startup
Explore our cutting-edge solutions and groundbreaking technologies that we leverage to bring your ambitious ideas to life.
Marketing
Unlock the full potential of your brand with our data-driven marketing expertise and tailored solutions that resonate with your target audience and foster lasting connections.
Finance
Revolutionize your financial strategies with our IT expertise, aiming to optimize processes, accuracy, speed, and overall efficiency to drive growth for your business.
Database
Navigate the complexity of modern data management effortlessly with our database expertise, guaranteeing a seamless and well-organized system that enhances overall efficiency.
Logistics
Empower your logistics operations with our advanced IT solutions, incorporating innovative technologies to enhance route optimization, and ensure a responsive and agile supply chain.
Telecommunications
Stay ahead in the telecommunications realm with our advanced IT solutions, offering seamless communication, optimal network performance, and unparalleled customer experiences.
AI Agents
By developing AI agents, we deliver tailored, intelligent solutions that help organizations and individuals alike unlock the full potential of AI.
Real-time monitoring
Enhance operational efficiency, streamline workflows, and ensure system reliability with our top-notch software solutions.
Machine learning
Our tailored approach empowers businesses to leverage the full potential of their data, uncover patterns, and make informed decisions in real-time.